SDK Docs (#572)
dapr/dotnet-sdk: daprdocs/content/en/dotnet-sdk-contributing/dotnet-contributing.md

---
type: docs
title: "Contributing to the .NET SDK"
linkTitle: ".NET SDK"
weight: 3000
description: Guidelines for contributing to the Dapr .NET SDK
---

When contributing to the [.NET SDK](https://github.com/dapr/dotnet-sdk) the following rules and best-practices should be followed.

## Samples

> The `samples` directory contains code samples for users to run to try out specific functionality of the various .NE SDK packages and extensions. When writing new and updated samples keep in mind:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `samples` directory contains code samples for users to run to try out specific functionality of the various .NET SDK packages and extensions. When writing new and updated samples keep in mind:
```

> - All examples should be runnable on Windows, Linux, and MacOS. While Python code is consistent among operating systems, any pre/post example commands should provide options through [codetabs]({{< ref "contributing-docs.md#tabbed-content" >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All examples should be runnable on Windows, Linux, and MacOS. While .NET Core code is consistent among operating systems, any pre/post example commands should provide options through [codetabs]({{< ref "contributing-docs.md#tabbed-content" >}})
```
